[Music]
ten home remedies for silky-smooth feet
have you sworn off open-toed shoes or
sandals because of the embarrassing
state of your feet well you can easily
take care of the problem of dry cracked
heels with the help of some common
household items Listerine and vinegar an
unusual combination to say the least but
let me explain Listerine contains thymol
and alcohol which help fight toenail
fungus repair cracked feet and treat
plantar warts vinegar in turn softens
dry and dead skin because of its mild
acidity so when combined together they
make the perfect duo for smooth healthy
feet to get in on this action combine
one cup of Listerine one cup of white
vinegar and two cups of water
soak your feet in this mixture for 15
minutes then take your feet out and
scrub them with a pumice stone to remove
any dead skin after that rinse your feet
with clean water Pat them dry and
moisturize do this once a week until you
get the desired results
[Music]
rice flour honey and vinegar rice flour
exfoliates purifies and remineralize
--is the skin and honey is a natural
antiseptic that helps heal cracked feet
throw in some apple cider vinegar and
your feet will be pampered with one of
the best natural treatments out there
first off make a scrub by mixing three
tablespoons of rice flour one tablespoon
of honey and two to three drops of apple
cider vinegar stir well to form a thick
paste next soak your feet in lukewarm
water for about 10 minutes
and then gently scrub the paste all over
your feet to remove dead skin repeat
this process two to three times a week
and you'll be busting out those cute
flip-flops sooner than you think
banana surely you have a couple of
bananas on your kitchen counter right
and to think you've been walking around
on dry cracked feet while the Cure has
been right in front of you this whole
time
bananas are natural skin moisturizer
they also contain vitamins A b6 and C
all of which help maintain the
elasticity of the skin and keep it
hydrated and soft just mash two bananas
into a smooth paste make sure that
bananas are ripe because unripe bananas
contain acid that's not good for the
skin
then gently rub the paste all over your
feet including around the nail beds and
toes keep it on for 20 minutes and then
rinse your feet with clean water try to
repeat this every night before going to
bed for two weeks or until you're
satisfied with the results honey honey
is added to all kinds of masks and
scrubs but it does a perfectly good job
on its own - you see honey is a natural
moisturizer drawing water from the inner
tissues to the outer layers of the skin
this shift of fluids creates a plumping
effect that helps the outer skin heal to
prepare this magic remedy simply add one
cup of honey to a tub of warm water then
soak your clean feet in the honey water
and massage them for 20 minutes after
that gently exfoliate your skin using a
pumice stone
finally hat your feet dry and apply a
six foot cream it's better to do this
regularly before going to bed
consider it a nightly pampering ritual
you did service
vegetable oil the skin is happy to
absorb vegetable oils most of them
contain lots of vitamins like a D and E
which help nourish the skin and promote
the cell renewal if you want to see the
amazing effects for yourself wash your
feet thoroughly Pat them dry with a soft
towel and apply a thick layer of
vegetable oil to your heels and toes the
best way to do it is to leave it on
overnight so don't forget to put on a
pair of clean comfortable socks if you
want to spare your bed sheets
make this part of your bedtime routine
and your feet will feel as smooth as a
baby's bottom vicks vapor rub Vicks
VapoRub is an emollient which means it
traps and keeps moisture in the skin
thus making it soft and moisturize the
menthol and eucalyptus found in this
ointment provide a cooling effect so
before heading to bed apply a generous
layer of this stuff to your feet massage
them for five minutes and then put on
some comfortable socks it's even better
if they're made of cotton don't forget
to wash your feet with lukewarm water in
the morning you can do this daily or
once a week depending on your
preferences baking soda baking soda is a
powerful exfoliant and that's exactly
what the dry skin on your feet needs
right now
it removes dead cells and has
anti-inflammatory properties as well
moreover baking soda can neutralize foul
odors to try it add three tablespoons of
baking soda to a tub of lukewarm water
mix it well until the baking soda
dissolves soak your feet in the final
mixture for 15 minutes once that times
up
remove your feet and scrub gently with a
pumice stone then simply rinse your feet
with clean water and dry them with a
clean towel repeat this treatment twice
a week aloe vera gel aloe vera is well
known for being the true miracle for the
skin and as it turns out the skin on
your feet is no exception
aloe vera contains vitamins A C and E
all of which are antioxidants at the
same time it has tons of other elements
with anti-inflammatory antiseptic and
pain-killing properties aloe vera also
helps in wound healing dang is there
anything this stuff can't do so how
should you use it first of all soak your
feet in warm water and scrub them with a
pumice stone to remove dead skin
secondly Pat them dry and apply a thick
layer of aloe vera gel
put on some cotton socks and head to
back wash your feet with lukewarm water
the next morning and you're done
repeat this every night for four to five
days to see the results Vaseline and the
lemon juice
another strange combination your feet
will enjoy start by soaking your feet in
warm water for about twenty minutes
rinse pat dry and add three to four
drops of freshly squeezed lemon juice -
1 tablespoon of Vaseline mix it well and
apply this concoction to your heels and
other cracked parts of your feet put on
a pair of wool socks and let it stew
overnight then wash your feet in warm
water the next morning
Vaseline basically acts as a moisturizer
and the citric acid in lemon juice
promotes skin peeling and cell renewal
use this combo regularly and your feet
will look beautiful every morning Epsom
salt Epsom salt reduces inflammation and
softens the skin the sulfates in it help
flush toxins and heavy metals from the
cells easing pain and driving out
harmful substances from the body prep is
a piece of cake add half a cup of Epsom
salt to a foot basin of warm water stir
it well and soak your feet in it for 15
minutes then you can do some additional
scrubbing to remove dead skin repeating
this two to three times a week will be
enough to see a change do you have any
of your own foot care secrets don't be
stingy leave them in the comments
section below don't forget to give us a
thumbs up and share this video with all
your friends be sure to subscribe to our
channel if you want to stay on the
bright side